we are back live for some
reason
um let's
see I think we're going to just try to
finish up this environment
today and uh see where we go from
here
yeah not this environment of
course hey bet
oops that the OS being
stupid seems
not interesting
no why does it not give me
a why the heck doesn't it give
me the uh the output for this is so
weird
where's this where's this
segf oh something screwed up with
uh okay that's interesting something
actually screwed up with uh with the
renderer this is not the program
that's incredibly
interesting how's that happen I might
have to reboot the machine I hope
not let me
see what if I just reboot the container
instead oh Isaac
tank I forgot I was using this
this appetizing concoction is called a
longevity Shake
bro please use t-u that wouldn't fix
this particular
issue I do use t-u by the way I use it
for um when I'm sshed into boxes to keep
Jobs
alive I don't use it for local
development there's no
reason this is running this Docker is
running on my local machine
let's see if this fixes the
uh there we
go so here's one version of the
M this is just our mini grid like
version so we can move the puffer we can
go through the door cuz we got the key I
don't have any assets for this yet you
can see if I don't have the key I can't
go through the door these ones are open
so I can go through these ones here here
and so on and so
forth
now we just replace this with this
and here we have our maze
environment so now we have to get to the
goal and this will reset and there we go
because we hit the
goal yeah exactly bet and now what we
can do is we can go to say 31 by
31 but we can set the difficulty to zero
The seg Faults Are just my
OS and then we have a maze that looks
like this which is a very easy maze
isn't that
interesting doesn't seem like it's going
to let me move the puffer in this one
for some
reason uh let's see if there's
why okay so for some reason it does not
let me move move the puffer I got to
figure that one out but you can see here
is a big maze that's very easy you just
go this way and then this way and there
you go and then we can make a big maze
that's very
hard how do you solve this one
huh this one's got uh some more
branching and stuff to
it and then I go back to the default
which I set to
0. 85 growing fre
algorithm well it's kind of hard to make
a maze that's that
small and then this is the balanced
one it's hard to make a hard maze that
is uh this
small I can technically make this much
larger bet
we'll just give you a maze that you can
print out and you can use it as new
wallpaper for your you know your actual
walls and then we'll see how easy that
is that'll take you a
while uh replying to crypto Bots
definitely
doesn't balance one seems
more hard but yeah it'll need to be
larger but here's the cool thing we're
going to be able to train on many
different map sizes at the same time
ah it takes some time you got to I mean
you got to post
like actually good content in RL for the
most
part we are at 6746
I should
be should be in here somewhere
oh yeah this is a bot you just replied
to there you go why do you
have ni something or
other D something
turn
on uh
documentation
yeah R Tracer and C is
fun hey come uh come contribute some
cool environments you know we actually
might have a use for R tracing in C
believe it or not not for graphics but
we're thinking about porting a GPU drive
over pretty soon to see
and that would be an interesting
time I got I got to just check one thing
to make sure that I'm not
being negligent on my
duties to all of our collaborators and
friends and then we'll finish this n
we'll show a couple cool things you can
do with this for a bit and then I will
go to bed there's a
plan oh I figured you spoke Chinese
all right nothing crazy thanks
bet what's your take on deep seek
haven't read the paper
yet seems like a model that
exists let me see if this algorithm has
any applicability to what we're
doing where's their fancy math that
shouldn't be that
fancy oh yeah I think I saw this and it
looked
slow yeah I think I saw this and I
looked slow and it looked slow so first
of all this is nowhere near as hard as
it looks you just they didn't take this
term out this is just like a poy ratio
right so this is basically just po but
then the thing is they sample a group of
outputs and then optimize by
maximizing
um like doesn't this scale with the
number of outputs this is like a
negative sampling thing isn't
it yeah they're
Computing
expectation
here this is incred incredibly slow for
what we
do I'm surprised this isn't slow for
them because this is
like I mean this is just like a straight
up like factor of G
slowdown so this is an expectation
though right this is a
mean so why wouldn't you just do
separate
samples manually
determined I don't
know I have to think about it I mean
this is it seems like they're happy
about this is this where the Improvement
of the paper is though is it this thing
or is it uh you know all the other stuff
is there a there's no like grpo versus
Po ablation right this is the
Improvement 50% they got an oblation
this first
po po is slower
where Paige
my brother in Christ a value head is one
layer doesn't have to be a separate
policy I mean is this
math well no this thing it's they must
have made it massively More Sample
efficient or something because this here
is this not math thing for you like look
this is right here this is an
expectation from I to 1 to G over
samples from the old
policy so unless they're sampling this
from like you know a like a buffer or
something like this looks to me like
something kind of like negative sampling
no this is an
expectation an expectation would be a
mean this isn't a Max
right
me yeah this is a
mean so this is not uh this is not
top so I don't know why the heck this
thing is any good
I mean we know that like the top top K
or whatever was really good like open AI
they've been really happy with this so I
don't know if this is a bootstrapping
your data thing or what but like this
doesn't this does not make sense to me
immediately in like a straight RL
context because this is a factor of G
slowdown the best answer gets you this
is an
expectation this is using data from all
of them
did you just link me a who wrote this if
this is a shitty Med medium article
you're banned from linking
[__] oh great from data
scientist
lovely this looks like it's written by
GPT this is literally written by GPT
nobody writes like
this you linked me an article written by
GPT by who looks like a mid data
scientist expected value yep
oh I don't like Fang stuff
better well I'm not reading this it's
written by this is literally GPT slop
this is [__]
po good
job good job
that doesn't look like a shortcut at
all without
GAE to be fair I have been saying that
GAE has to
go this is not what I had in mind though
this looks like a really I mean maybe
for LMS this make sense but if I saw
this in RL I would think that this is
without the context I would think this
is a really freaking stupid m
method now we're not training llms [__]
that we don't have hardware for that man
the hardware for that's about 100 times
more expensive On The Low
End actually more
wait why is there a
policy
ref they don't Define all their
variables right where's the where's P
ref
did they Define this
somewhere no they just have undefined
symbols where's Pi
ref and why is this not just Pi old
the
[__] I don't get I don't get it how this
thing actually improves anything I mean
if this is if this is the thing that
improves stuff unless I'm missing
something major here like opening and
anthropic and everyone are just trolling
cuz this is like some basic ass stuff
and like these are things that just
don't work in RL normally like this is
basically like a batch this is a batch
mean over rewards this is smoothing
reward by a mean over
batches I guess it's over within each
group I mean this is not far off of Just
po
using GPT to select the reward
functions dude I'm not looking at this
[__] Silicon Valley can go lose their
minds back to real work
yeah I know it's the funny thing is like
looking at that if that's all it is then
it's like you know open Ai and all these
companies have just been fat and lazy
and trolling because I don't see how I
don't see how they haven't screwed with
stuff like that like they know top K is
good for language models they didn't try
like variations of that with RL [__] off
they've known that for literal
years that wouldn't actually surprise me
if the trick was to actually get smart
people to go look at the data that
usually works
it's like how in the rest of our out the
trick is to have smart people actually
give a [__] about writing code that
doesn't
suck uh
all right
yep we will finish to the
srid S grid
welcome how was vacation man I'm not
doing vacation
man so it was awesome to be fair but it
was more of an adventure than a vacation
because I am way more tired than when I
left
um I saw some pretty awesome stuff but
holy hell it's
like
yeah I don't know I think I'm just in
the mode where like if I try to take a
couple days off like I just watch all
the work stacking up it's like next
couple years have just got to be build
puffer build puffer get in good shape
again neptun we have both dude we've got
bindings for both it's the same
thing okay so
I
see you done with your
midterms what do you mean you searched
for import
Neptune oh yeah dude try a BL branch is
where I'm prototyping this stuff yeah
finally
congrats now you get to do cool things
for a bit
hopefully you check the demo
file are you sure you searched the code
or did you use github's broken ass
search
function yep github's
broken
H you got gith hubbed
get get up you
fool it's okay Microsoft is small Indie
company is a small Indie company
plenty motivated
here j's got to
go um so here's the problem with J that
gamma and
Lambda they uh they're kind of a hard
assumption on and they're tuned to the
effective Horizon of rewards within your
environment so it's tuned to the
frequency with which you're receiving
rewards so it's like your effective look
ahead uh in terms of your exploration
which differs for every environment so
it basically ensures that you're going
to have to redo your hyper pram sweeps
per environment and you're never going
to have a good set of hypers that work
for uh for multiple
things J got to go
you two can help us delete J from an
existence by joining the puffer open
source reinforcement learning efforts
oops there you go uh that's how you
search
things
yay though to be honest I usually just
cuz in Vim it's literally
slash
right it's literally you just hit the
slash key and you're
searching grap a
cat you don't need to pipe it to cat
F I didn't know there was an F3 paste
h
in it state
that's not
bad should
be yeah actually it
is and why wouldn't it
be but up puffer
AI don't forget your longevity
Shake very appetizing actually hold on
let me go grab all the stupid pills with
this
e e
literally like six Hors
pells
ridiculous I wish it wouldn't have
phrased it that way
but uh blueprints been okay I'm not
doing his full diet like I'm eating
generally healthy
stuff but uh
I don't know you could probably do the
same thing
with a lot less stuff but it's just it's
convenient to be able to just get
micronutrients in for the
day not forgot the olive oil
today the one complaint I have is I have
no idea why I uses P protein over whey
protein it's just an inferior source of
protein
have you put any muscle on with all that
you
should very
good it's going to take me a good six
months to get a back to
Baseline my rogue stuff has been
shipped it'll be here in a few days I
got to move a bunch
of computer parts out of the way because
I made a mess with the garage
today trying to fix our ridiculous
cluster with all the god awful Intel
chip
issues
um but that's okay let's let's just
finish a cool environment for now and
chill so we do a it
State ah I
see and then we get the environment
state
after we
have created the
environment so what we'll do in in here
here is that we'll just move this
down and we'll do like
this Ms working on maze M yes I
am got
Grid it's going to take observations
actions rewards DS
it's got Max
size it's got um
agents
Horizon and uh we can give it width and
height and then we also have to do size
so like
this so you allocate
it uh you should reset it I believe
so you allocate
the hang on you call this and then you
should call a knit on
it a knit
grid R agent
how do I do this in other
ends what's limiting factor with for uh
Isaac Jim and po currently environment
speed um Isaac Jim is
between about 1/8 uh 12th and 1/8 of the
speed of most of our environments in
puffer
lib if you simulate if you could
simulate it at 10 mfps you'd probably
solve everything very
quickly I'd be very surprised if any of
these problems turn out to be hard
um yeah you should I'd also say that
generally like it's not just you're
going to run the exact same code at 10
million FPS right you're ALS you're
going to run a hyper parameter sweep
over it so you're going to be able to
ruce stuff like analyze hyper Fram
sensitivity uh we do this in like some
of our work so like I can just go here
into our sweeps this is
Neptune and like I can go right here to
these experiments this group of 168 runs
right these are all done on one GPU and
I can see like stable learning rate
regions and stable gamas and stuff like
this so you can see if hyper parameters
are janky right uh you also probably
would cut down the rapper code a ton on
it just cut the general complexity of
all the horrible researcher rapper code
that's been built out over the years uh
you'll probably find a bunch of weird
things that are being done with rewards
and similar uh you're going to get the
renderer working well so you can
actually see Behavior learning on
various checkpoints right uh it's quite
a lot of things but generally all of
these things become much easier and much
less painful when things are
fast yeah I also would like to build out
what about for distributed multi- node
multi-gpu we're not there yet RL is
still broken on one GPU in one node um
so I mean here let me put it this way
currently in puffer lib we are training
more than a 100 times faster than most
people in RL in just like six to eight
months of development so I didn't have
to go build multi-gpu distributed stuff
because we're just fast now right I just
made it faster
by optimizing the single node cuz there
was a lot of Headroom eventually we'll
get to multi- noode but before we get
there we're going to have to actually do
some analysis on like how policies scale
and stuff because that's not well
understood in RL um so all this stuff is
coming you know it's all slated for this
year this is the year in which we're
going to make reinforcement learning 10
times easier to get up and running on a
new problem that is the goal uh for
puffer for this
year you know alongside other things
like getting this thing to be
sufficiently profitable to pay all our
Hardware costs and stuff like that but
that's the science
go really doesn't take much on the
finance side either it's just you know
new companies take a while to get off
the
ground um handful of clients and will'll
be set
you know handful of additional clients I
should say and we should be
set CU we do have some
Revenue speaking of which I got some
invoices to
send we will do that later for now we
Dev I do something stupid
here so there's an init function
right we're always looking for new
contributors as well if you're
interested in doing some
Dev it's a good time
got lots of people doing cool stuff in
here all right so this inet doesn't need
this it looks
like yeah this doesn't need all this
mess look at
this we just get rid of this this this
this Max size Ag and Horizon we going to
need this
nonsense here we go
I'm getting to that bet let me finish
this m this m is not just purely for fun
there are also couple client things on
this as
well not to mention we need it for
testing
that makes two of
us I've kind of realized that
um the speed at which puffer develops is
basically going to just be a direct
function of the amount of hours of work
that I can get out of myself and it
might be super linear actually because
the number of hours that I have uh to
actually Dev on stuff like this is equal
to the total number of hours of Dev
minus the number of hours I have to
spend on client stuff administrative
stuff and other [__] well the client
stuff is good but other [__] like
the cluster breaking and such so um it
can turn out that if I get a few more
hours out of myself puffer goes
dramatically
faster so the idea I have is to just
treat myself performance
Hardware try to get better nutrition try
to get better sleep try to get better
exercise try to really be in tiptop
shape cuz I do genuinely like my work if
you know I'm well rested and at 100% if
I'm tired and I'm not really feeling up
to it you know then it starts to become
a drag so maximize hours of Peak
Performance
I'm trying with the new cluster okay
it's so almost all of the problems that
we've had with the cluster were not on
main gear they were on Intel it was
Intel shipping us bad
chips the one problem that we've had
recently is that under uh a year of
continuous load some of the cas and
radiator fans have started
dying that is on main gear because they
should ship higher quality fans that
said we're getting the best fans in the
industry for the new machines so
not for these ones they aren't we are
getting knock for the new ones
are you getting
industrial what do you mean
Reger and Def
fans they have industrial fans let me
see is this a thing
what's the difference in the rating or
whatever well we don't need them to be
insanely fast we just need them to last
we just need them to be built to
last which to be fair I've literally
never had problems with that so I assume
it's just they were using super super
cheap stock
fans I mean they got a cut money
somewhere their margins are pretty slim
like they get their prices have been
pretty
good we're looking at about 5,500 a box
for the
uh the 90s or
whatever 20 years
what about the uh the normal like the
desktop
fans can we get like at least three to
five years out of
them we should be able to right not to
are good
that's
funny the warehouse space is going to be
pretty cool
all
ah okay so I messed this function up
we'll fix this so some of this grid
prototype is super old code and I've
just found better ways to do stuff since
then but here's the
maze you can see I can steer the puffer
through the maze
good
po n
State May layout will be hard no that's
generated my
friend we are going to generate like
10,000
mazes here this is State star levels
here is Neptune
slow no Neptune takes a couple seconds
to initialize but then it shouldn't be
slow
well it depends what you're looking at
the dashboard shouldn't be slow yeah if
you go look at the charts for this
number of points it's going to be slow
but the dashboard should be
good I don't know you want to go replace
Neptune and WBY by rewriting them in C
if you're on mine which I think is
public right up
here and then you click this
tab
for e
that sounds like uh some skill
issue look into that that's pretty
serious I'm messing with you UI is a
little silly
1K there shouldn't be 1K you got to go
to the grouping I showed you this right
you go here you got to set tag to uh
here I'll show
you so this is just all the
runs you go to
group tags and you get some good
runs it's not going to render a th000
anyways it'll stop you before it does
that should only do 20
Max oh unless 1K they might have upped
the total that would be cool did they up
the
total
wait nope still 200
okay now all we got to do is make the
maze so we just do
create maze
level size by size
unit the
state you get the
state and now that'll be full
Paro front tells you it's just a plot of
of two variables is all and you can see
that the curve like the top curve is the
best of each know for for every price X
what's the best score
y now it depends on which one you're
looking at this one here is is not well
this one has Paro on running time versus
score so the parito front is like this
curve right at the top right but then
there's more stuff right so this is not
a Paro front of any type this is just
showing you how cost changes as you
continue to run the sweep right so we
have stuff like this as
well
yeah dashboards are good you should
probably set your own version of that
type of stuff up it's good we like a
Neptune
should be
seconds
for e
yes at that state was good
okay let's see if we can
uh then L get just working
all these are po yep
clean
puff this is going to be the science
side work he's going to be figuring out
how to make stuff
better I saw there was a meta paper
earlier that says they got some good RL
working I don't know if I believe
them we'll see
so already
built H the syntax a little
different this not how you do it
I like
this
bureaucracy got to love your
bureaucracy in order to contribute to
puffer lib you must first pass the
puffer test which consists of five
consecutive levels of administrative
tasks designed to evaluate your
proficiency
oh yeah you're kind of at a sucky age
not going to
lie Le it was for
me uh where's
random it's random
built-in standard
L.H that would make sense for
cannot take a dress of a python
object
what
hello are you
certain and self. M
can I just do
this wait does it work up
here h no wait not
all init
grid
for
e
e e
cannot convert void star to python
object oh yes
numpy
random do CNP does this work
no built-in in it
level cannot
assign cannot assign type
GD you know pointers are really only
confusing if you're trying to write code
without
thinking if you like just if you just
think a little
bit it's not so
hard just a little bit you know if
you're doing voice star star star then
you're thinking too hard stop that it's
not good for you
I'd say you get smooth brain syndrome no
you get smooth brain syndrome by
thinking you're very clever building 10
10 layers of
abstraction when you're actually just
dumb I say you get smooth brain syndrome
all
right compilation completed
let's go initialize this from python
observations actions rewards
duns now this takes numb Maps let's say
10,000
Maps like we probably should test the
generation speed before we do that 32
was it num
Ms yeah and then num agents is going to
be one
one then we do Max size which will be
32 and task which will be emmer time CU
I haven't implemented this
yet error too few arguments to render
global
for for
buffer red
e
just have to install this random
dependency which is my own random
dependency fair
enough ah python
pip
install forget the PIP is
screwy just on this instance of the
container General puffer tank is fine do
not
worry look at that I even left a nice
little notice
there that people wouldn't waste their
time how nice of me
for
e e
now attribute OB the size
no attribute
duns terminals
then and it takes eight positional
arguments but nine were
given oh my
Spot the
Difference observations actions rewards
d n Maps num
M's Max
size wait num
M's Max size is 32
blobber in
time terminals
rebuild the extension
I see very
interest I probably know what that is
hang
on don't need all this
garbage orage
okay so that does work it's just the OS
being
stupid e
right offing along very
nicely and that should be that because
uh that's
it
uhoh oh oh this is very
silly still seg fults why Always seg
fults we do not like that
I start to wonder if we really gain much
by doing this [__] in scon instead of
just in
C these headers are freaking
stupid you know
then we need stupid C types inter
yourface which is
annoying I don't know I'll go take a
Hermit Retreat into a cave at some point
and ponder
it we'll
see um scon is python like syntax C that
compiles to C but you can still use
python in it it's just that those part
Those portions will run in Python so
only the C portions will be fast
we use it as an intermediate layer
between Python and C because it's really
nice for new devs to be able to write
some stuff in scon and have it be faster
if they don't want to go all the way to
C but I'm starting to think that this is
simply you know the weak solution for
weak uh weak folks and the true mean the
uh the true solution to all of ourl is
to just put it all in C
it compiles to C so it runs
C foret
pbind what's it with you in binds man
dude look it's literally it's not that
crazy look ready uh C where is
it grid. C here's the file it's 30,000
lines this is what scon outputs it's a
bunch of crazy ass C it is C but it's
crazy ass C
the
hole I mean to be fair a lot of that is
not the actual code a lot of that is
cython defining all the stuff that it
needs in order to convert python code to
C which is just like a crazy macro
hellscape and a bunch of other weird
junk I see I see I don't
see where is this fails this fail on
creation
has to cuz resets not
defined
e for
this and okay this is kind of
gross this is kind of
gross for
the trick is to not have dummy coworkers
an annoying boss
guy pretty
much I got the voice in my head saying
you've only worked 14 hours today which
strong with you you got at least another
two hours left in you come on get
going yeah see I can't do that I will
always be quietly bitching about stuff
but I will actually help you so
there's
that but I absolutely reserve the right
to [__] about stupid code on
stream
non-negotiable what the heck is wrong
with this thing come on is it
like is it fell
here yeah of course I get more sleep
than you high school students don't get
to
sleep I didn't get more sleep in High
School I work like 110 hour
weeks that
crazy the funny part is usually like
when people finally get into college
they like their grades kind of slip a
bit and uh you know they kind of let it
out up at the edges a bit I did the
opposite I like my
uh I like dropped myself out of the
varsity team uh and I did like three
years worth of Spanish and Chinese in a
couple of months and maxed out all the
transfer credits and you know got two
languages kind of
decent all right this actually loads
here
now so it was
this for
really this is the thing that's scre huh
ah I see
it
zero for
Emoji are bad everywhere unless it's the
puffer fish you're only allowed to use
asky that's how it
works I hate the freaking autoc convert
on
everything all right back in my day we
played MMOs and we typed everything in
freaking asky there were no stupid
emotes
you damn
Zoomers hey look the Zoomer is actually
a boomer
great we're
happy have you written assembly it's
like it's kind of fine
there's no reason to do that you write
it in Hax the
worst hey how's it
going we are almost done with this
environment and we're going to be able
to train on a whole bunch of different
mazes will be
good I'm sure they will be some
debugging but for tonight I just want to
get it to
run so you make the
state you initialize the
state Max size
Y and then you do get
state that ought to work
wait this in it State shouldn't be
here I don't think that should do
anything
though
huh nobody would have noticed if you
hadn't said
anything it's all right I have all the
contracts
anyways oh wait did it actually get
there hold
on that's
funny you have multiple accounts that's
so paranoid
sh
I
see how do you follow you click the
follow button on the
profile or
wherever you're not following the best
horse of RL news my guy there articles
on there you cannot read anywhere
else where's the uh
you're missing all the RL
content oh look there's a bunch of
notifications
oops
48 also yeah there are a lot of articles
on here some of which are only on here
so I put most of the articles on uh on
the puffer blog but then there's some
off topic things but also some like
random things that are kind of funny
thought on current state of AI a
fireball one you know carb stuff there's
like a bunch of random stuff on
here there's the 50k article which is
fun oh yeah you got got to uh it takes a
while for him to
[Music]
reverifying know
invalid action 0.0000
it's actually really stupid to not have
the blue check um it uh it just boosts
you in the
algorithm as well that's part of it they
just straight up sell you um reach boost
so if you're actually trying to promote
stuff it's just stupid not to
have I don't think the org one boosts
you even more otherwise I would actually
look at
it the org one is very expensive though
yeah do they still tell you that they do
this oh
wait yeah they actually do have it
they don't tell you how
much that's the thing they don't tell
you how
much it's also very
expensive no no this is like actually
very
expensive
um it's where is
it yeah so this is 116 a month for basic
or 580 something for premium
only for another two
hours yeah I think that's too
much I also don't think that you can tie
it to your uh your personal account I
think you have to have an organization
account I don't know about
that I prefer to keep it on my personal
account rather than tie all of it to an
organization
well if you follow it make sure you
follow the right one because there's
somebody using somebody with uh trying
to impersonate me with puffer AI
accounts on on
X I have puffer uncore AI they did like
puffer AI underscore
whatever yeah I tried then they went me
me me you didn't give us enough
information me me me so now I got to
look at it cuz they're
dumb well I'm not going to show it cuz
it's like they're using it to shill a
scam
mecoin it's the same guy has the balls
to DM me on the account like hey you
know I made the meme coin you should
actually like make a meme coin haha I'll
pay
you it's like
stupid well it's a tiny little account
they've got I think they got like 70 or
100 followers overnight probably most of
which are just Bots
yeah I don't know
it's it's a lot of effort to try to
Toler to try to impersonate a relatively
small and like very technically literate
account audience
wait what the
heck pass forward left right
back password Left
Right F forward
oh e
we'll deal with this later
don't know why I'm getting so much
variance that that can happen man
I wouldn't worry too
much the thing is with po when you have
a tabular data set it can actually be
very good because you're learning
explicit
transitions which doesn't really help a
ton on
um harder mends
I don't know I wouldn't be
surprised larger models aren't always
better in RL
huh
yeah you're just kind of fiddling with
stuff at this point and like these
things are not going to be clear and
make sense until we actually address
them
properly welcome to
RL this is why I'm here fixing this [__]
man if it were easy I wouldn't have to
do it
I don't like this
the the boo Allen
guy ever post anything
today
nope I could probably help them out
quite a
bit if they don't have active RL people
and be a good
contract what's up
so I mean if you're just going to play
with ridiculous parameters it's possible
that you get something to work but I
don't know why you expect it to be
stable
well there you
go it's not stable if it's not working
consistently 1.2
Millie OBS are not being computed yet we
got to do that
still but that
is pretty
good for
yeah I got to do some stuff on this
still I'm I'm too tired to do this
tonight but we made some good
progress um just for reference oops we
got the initial training to at least run
oops we got the initial training to at
least run we got this very nice
maze
Puffer
for
e
e e
and uh just for
fun so this thing has a mini grid style
lockin keym this has a full maze
generator 691 line so far wait this is
the reference code I use for the maze
generator 661 lines and there is still
some uh extra debug code in there so
let's call it 650
lines for this whole thing not bad at
all not bad at all
okay um it is
9:20 uh I am still tired from travel uh
I'm going to go get some
rest I'll be back in the
morning with some more Dev I got a few
other things to do tomorrow but we'll be
back with some Dev um in the meantime if
you are interested in any of this stuff
yep what you want
while you're typing in the meantime uh
for anyone here if you're interested in
this and all sorts of other cool ultah
high performance RL
buffer. start the GitHub it really helps
us out if you start the GitHub it's all
free an open
source going to Discord lots of people
building stuff in here uh we're always
looking for new contributors you do not
need an RL background you just need a
programming
background and uh we have quite a few AR
articles on the blog here but if you're
looking for extras that you can't find
anywhere else can follow me on
X flip grad
Norm does weird things it prevents you
from having gradients that are too
big if you're needing to have very large
gradients to have training work you're
doing something weird doesn't mean that
it's not possible that it works but
you're doing something very
weird yes do start the puffer it really
does help when you start the puffer
larger vales equals less stable but
possibly faster
learning we are now
at 1547 Stars very nice look at that we
got some
Stars you made it smaller and it learned
faster because the updates were more
stable so you weren't like CL ing your
policy constantly you probably what you
did is you cranked up update Epoch a ton
so you're making a ton of updates which
is not very stable and then you crank
this thing down in order to prevent it
from being unstable you're just
operating in very weird ranges of hyper
parameters puffer lib is all open source
all this stuff is free the only product
that we have for
companies is a service package so if
you're trying to do RL in a business
setting and you're having a tough time
of it rl's very hard we can
help bet is our resent Advertiser here
has the proelite
tag in the Discord because that's a fun
thing all right we've got like two
people watching this and they're both
you so I will yeah it's too late tonight
I will see you all around and uh have a
nice even well people do watch